1. Filter data to make your spreadsheet less complex and busy.
2. Use and freeze headers so you know what is in each column, even when scrolling.
3. When multiplying numbers, use an asterisk (*) not an X.
4. Start every formula and function with an equal sign (=).
5. Whenever you use an open parenthesis, make sure there is a closed parenthesis on the other end to match.
6. Change the font to something easy to read.
7. Set the border colors to white so that you are working in a blank sheet. 
8. Create a tab with just the raw data, and a separate tab with just the data you need.
Now that you have learned some basic ways to avoid errors, you can focus on what to do when that dreaded pop-up does appear. The following table is a reference you can use to look up common spreadsheet errors and examples of each. Knowing what the errors mean takes some of the fear out of getting them. 
Error	Description	Example
#DIV/0!	A formula is trying to divide a value in a cell by 0 (or an empty cell with no value)	=B2/B3, when the cell B3 contains the value 0 
#ERROR!	(Google Sheets only)  Something can’t be interpreted as it has been input. This is also known as a parsing error. 	=COUNT(B1:D1 C1:C10) is invalid because the cell ranges aren't separated by a comma
#N/A	A formula can't find the data 	The cell being referenced can't be found 
#NAME?	The name of a formula or function used isn't recognized	The name of a function is misspelled 
#NUM!	The spreadsheet can't perform a formula calculation because a cell has an invalid numeric value	=DATEDIF(A4, B4, "M") is unable to calculate the number of months between two dates because the date in cell A4 falls after the date in cell B4
#REF!	A formula is referencing a cell that isn't valid	A cell used in a formula was in a column that was deleted
#VALUE!	A general error indicating a problem with a formula or with referenced cells	There could be problems with spaces or text, or with referenced cells in a formula; you may have additional work to find the source of the problem.
If you are working with Microsoft Excel, an interactive page, How to correct a #VALUE! error, can help you narrow down the cause of this error. You can select a specific function from a drop-down list to display a link to tips to fix the error when using that function.

Pro tip: Spotting errors in spreadsheets with conditional formatting
Conditional formatting can be used to highlight cells a different color based on their contents. This feature can be extremely helpful when you want to locate all errors in a large spreadsheet. For example, using conditional formatting, you can highlight in yellow all cells that contain an error, and then work to fix them.

Conditional formatting in Microsoft Excel
To set up conditional formatting in Microsoft Excel to highlight all cells in a spreadsheet that contain errors, do the following:
1. Click the gray triangle above row number 1 and to the left of Column A to select all cells in the spreadsheet.
2. From the main menu, click Home, and then click Conditional Formatting to select Highlight Cell Rules > More Rules.
3. For Select a Rule Type, choose Use a formula to determine which cells to format.
4. For Format values where this formula is true, enter =ISERROR(A1).
5. Click the Format button, select the Fill tab, select yellow (or any other color), and then click OK. 
6. Click OK to close the format rule window.
To remove conditional formatting, click Home and select Conditional Formatting, and then click Manage Rules. Locate the format rule in the list, click Delete Rule, and then click OK. 
Conditional formatting in Google Sheets
To set up conditional formatting in Google Sheets to highlight all cells in a spreadsheet that contain errors, do the following:
1. Click the empty rectangle above row number 1 and to the left of Column A to select all cells in the spreadsheet. In the Step-by-step in spreadsheets video, this was called the Select All button. 
2. From the main menu, click Format and select Conditional Formatting to open the Conditional format rules pane on the right.
3. While in the Single Color tab, under Format rules, use the drop-down to select Custom formula is, enter =ISERROR(A1), select yellow (or any other color) for the formatting style, and then click Done.
To remove conditional formatting, click Format and select Conditional Formatting, and then click the Trash icon for the format rule.

From <https://www.coursera.org/learn/ask-questions-make-decisions/supplement/1sjGm/more-about-spreadsheet-errors-and-fixes> 

Keyboard Shortcuts

https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/UbHnj9LnRlGx54_S5yZRJA_64a50a70b938476c852b172e826e9af1_DAC2-Keyboard-functions-1.pdf?Expires=1723939200&Signature=lemvlFq0d7D7g3523QB825-OnGFMqkqijZIMR7A8oyOWOr9NvcE1JuOg7U01wWeRYE7ewY8yLl~kzbEBf1Y1Nh0U8YVHk35C1nZDZeOJzLQmE1i4b9Nfq-0-uy~BSwXY8wWSWSv7BLZoNhu9wvGnVur0yeBy0o34qELH4nMX69s_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLTNE6QMUY6HBC5A

https://d3c33hcgiwev3.cloudfront.net/9gsOZ_tGTtOLDmf7Rh7T1Q_8a825edae2a94e5e81d880681270acf1_DAC2-Keyboard-functions-2.pdf?Expires=1723939200&Signature=L0WRFJ~0gtbKrz6Oo6gS8qlEzBPBN8v1S7GRzoLynv82QXVwUA494qMT3FdaOoiqxtNtJQERY5FsyYQSV5sYh1Ow81yZ3tNQnC0RUz7bs~oF~5H8oNH184kqPfgQ3GJl2BYFoRYSrXxszHz8SnarZRBViUKj32d~UpigMXfsrjk_&Key-Pair-Id=APKAJLTNE6QMUY6HBC5A

AVERAGE: A spreadsheet function that returns an average of the values from a selected range 
Borders: Lines that can be added around two or more cells on a spreadsheet
Cell reference: A cell or a range of cells in a worksheet typically used in formulas and functions
COUNT: A spreadsheet function that counts the number of cells in a range that meet a specific criteria
Equation: A calculation that involves addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division (also called a math expression)
Fill handle: A box in the lower-right-hand corner of a selected spreadsheet cell that can be dragged through neighboring cells in order to continue an instruction
Filtering: The process of showing only the data that meets a specified criteria while hiding the rest
Header: The first row in a spreadsheet that labels the type of data in each column
Math expression: A calculation that involves addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division (also called an equation)
Math function: A function that is used as part of a mathematical formula
MAX: A spreadsheet function that returns the largest numeric value from a range of cells
MIN: A spreadsheet function that returns the smallest numeric value from a range of cells
Open data: Data that is available to the public
Operator: A symbol that names the operation or calculation to be performed
Order of operations: Using parentheses to group together spreadsheet values in order to clarify the order in which operations should be performed
Problem domain: The area of analysis that encompasses every activity affecting or affected by a problem
Range: A collection of two or more cells in a spreadsheet
Report: A static collection of data periodically given to stakeholders 
Return on investment (ROI): A formula that uses the metrics of investment and profit to evaluate the success of an investment
Revenue: The total amount of income generated by the sale of goods or services 
Scope of work (SOW): An agreed-upon outline of the tasks to be performed during a project
Sorting: The process of arranging data into a meaningful order to make it easier to understand, analyze, and visualize
SUM: A spreadsheet function that adds the values of a selected range of cells

From <https://www.coursera.org/learn/ask-questions-make-decisions/supplement/aZ5ss/glossary-terms-from-module-3> 




